.\" SEGS - Super Entity Game Server
.\" http://www.segs.dev/
.\" Copyright (c) 2006 - 2020 SEGS Team (see AUTHORS.md)
.\" This software is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md for details.
.TH authserver 1 "14 June 2018" "0.5.0" "Super Entity Game Server Manual"
.SH NAME
authserver \- start the SEGS authentication server
.SH SYNOPSIS
authserver
.B [ -f
.I <config_file>
.B ]
.B [ -h ]
.B [ -v ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Super Entity Game Server or SEGS authserver component is actually a collection of services
that operate as threads. These various threaded services facilitate authentication, authorization,
chat, map placement, and more. The authserver endpoint aims to be compatible with existing various
superhero-themed and custom game clients.
.SH OPTIONS
authserver accepts the following optional arguments:
.PP
.B -f, --config
.I <config_file>
.RS
Use the specified settings file. The default is: settings.cfg
.RE
.PP
.B -h, --help
.RS
Print help
.RE
.PP
.B -v, --version
.RS
Print version
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
AuthExerciser(1), dbtool(1), piggtool(1)
.SH BUGS
Expect some bugs! Please report any findings to https://github.com/Segs/Segs/issues
.SH AUTHORS
This man page was created by Lloyd Dilley <lloyd@segs.dev>. SEGS has many authors and contributors. See
AUTHORS.md included with the project for details.
.SH LICENSE
SEGS is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md included with the project
for details.
.SH CONTACT
http://www.segs.dev/
