.\" SEGS - Super Entity Game Server
.\" http://www.segs.dev/
.\" Copyright (c) 2006 - 2020 SEGS Team (see AUTHORS.md)
.\" This software is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md for details.
.TH dbtool 1 "14 June 2018" "0.5.0" "Super Entity Game Server Manual"
.SH NAME
dbtool \- SEGS database management utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
dbtool
.B [ -a
.I <level>
.B ]
.B [ -c
.I <config_file>
.B ]
.B [ -f ]
.B [ -h ]
.B [ -l
.I <login_name>
.B ]
.B [ -p
.I <password>
.B ]
.B [ -v ]
.I [command]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The dbtool utility manipulates the databases utilized by the
.B authserver(1)
program. It is capable of initializing or recreating the databases in the event they become corrupted. dbtool
can also create user accounts with arbitrary passwords and access levels. In the future, it will also be used
to upgrade databases to work with newer versions of SEGS.
.SH OPTIONS
dbtool accepts the following arguments:
.PP
.B -a, --access_level
.I <level>
.RS
Specifies access level of user account. This option is used in conjunction with the
.B -l
and
.B -p
arguments along with the
.B adduser
command.
.RE
.PP
.B -c, --config
.I <config_file>
.RS
Use the specified settings file. The default is: settings.cfg
.RE
.PP
.B -f
.RS
Overwrite existing database files. This is a potentially dangerous operation! Use with caution. This argument
is used in conjunction with the
.B create
command.
.RE
.PP
.B -h, --help
.RS
Print help
.RE
.PP
.B -l, --login
.I <login_name>
.RS
Specifies login name of user account. This option is used in conjunction with the
.B -a
and
.B -p
arguments along with the
.B adduser
command.
.RE
.PP
.B -p, --pass
.I <password>
.RS
Specifies the password for the user account. This option is used in conjunction with the
.B -a
and
.B -l
arguments along with the
.B adduser
command.
.RE
.PP
.B -v, --version
.RS
Print version
.RE
.PP
.I [command]
.RS
This can be either
.B create
or
.B adduser
currently.
.B create
is used in conjunction with
.B -f
while
.B adduser
is used in conjunction with the
.B -a, -l,
and
.B -p
arguments.
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
Initialize or overwrite databases:
.RS
.B dbtool -f create
.RE
.PP
Add a new user account with administrative privileges:
.RS
.B dbtool -a 9 -l Odin -p Secret adduser
.RE
.PP
Add a regular user account:
.RS
.B dbtool -a 1 -l Peon -p Abc123 adduser
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
authserver(1)
.SH BUGS
Please report any findings to https://github.com/Segs/Segs/issues
.SH AUTHORS
This man page was created by Lloyd Dilley <lloyd@segs.dev>. SEGS has many authors and contributors. See
AUTHORS.md included with the project for details.
.SH LICENSE
SEGS is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md included with the project
for details.
.SH CONTACT
http://www.segs.dev/
