.\" SEGS - Super Entity Game Server
.\" http://www.segs.dev/
.\" Copyright (c) 2006 - 2020 SEGS Team (see AUTHORS.md)
.\" This software is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md for details.
.TH piggtool 1 "14 June 2018" "0.5.0" "Super Entity Game Server Manual"
.SH NAME
piggtool \- manipulate pigg archives
.SH SYNOPSIS
piggtool
.B [ -h ]
.B [ -l ]
.B [ -x ]
.I <pigg_file>
.I [target_dir]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The piggtool utility is able to display the contents of pigg archives and can also extract contained files. Some of these extracted
files can be read by the
.B authserver(1)
program.
.SH OPTIONS
piggtool accepts the following arguments:
.PP
.B -h, --help
.RS
Print help
.RE
.PP
.B -l
.RS
List files in pigg archive
.RE
.PP
.B -x
.RS
Extract all files from pigg archive
.RE
.PP
.I <pigg_file>
.RS
A pigg archive
.RE
.PP
.I [target_dir]
.RS
Target directory where pigg contents will be extracted to
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
List all contents from chive.pigg:
.RS
.B piggtool -l chive.pigg
.RE
.PP
Extract all contents from chive.pigg to data directory:
.RS
.B piggtool -x chive.pigg data
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
authserver(1)
.SH BUGS
Please report any findings to https://github.com/Segs/Segs/issues
.SH AUTHORS
This man page was created by Lloyd Dilley <lloyd@segs.dev>. SEGS has many authors and contributors. See
AUTHORS.md included with the project for details.
.SH LICENSE
SEGS is licensed under the terms of the 3-clause BSD License. See LICENSE.md included with the project
for details.
.SH CONTACT
http://www.segs.dev/
